Ros2 husarion ugv v2 (#422)
husarion/panther_ros: husarion_ugv_hardware_interfaces/README.md

# husarion_ugv_hardware_interfaces

> Package that implements SystemInterface from ros2_control for Panther.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package that implements SystemInterface from ros2_control for Husarion UGV robots.
```

Author: I changes every where "Husarion UGV robots" to "Husarion UGV", because when we expand the shortcut, we get the Husarion unmanned ground **vehicle robot**. So vehicle seems enought.
